Document release note for change on buildkit sessionAffinity default value (#374)
okteto/docs: src/content/self-hosted/install/releases.mdx

id: releases
---

## 1.8.0
TBD

### Breaking changes

> - Default value for `.Values.buildkit.service.sessionAffinity` is now empty. For cluster updates, please refer to the latest self-hosted guide to set this value for your own installation.

Reviewer: Could you document `buildkit.service.sessionAffinity` and link the docs from here? I wouldn't refer to the cloud provider guides. I would say that if you want to keep using `ClientIP` session affinity, you need to do:
```
buildkit:
  service:
     sessionAffinity: ClientIP
```

> - Default value for `.Values.buildkit.service.sessionAffinity` is now empty. To keep using `ClientIP` as `sessionAffinity` you need to set this at your cluster [configuration](self-hosted/administration/configuration.mdx#buildkit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The default value for the buildkit service session affinity is now `None`. To keep using `ClientIP` as `sessionAffinity` you need to set this value in your [buildkit configuration](self-hosted/administration/configuration.mdx#buildkit).
```
